##Interact with the Operating System
##test1.py: The file_date function creates a new file in the current working directory, checks the date that the file was modified, and returns just the date portion of the timestamp in the format of yyyy-mm-dd. Fill in the gaps to create a file called "newfile.txt" and check the date that it was modified.<br>
##test2.py: For this lab, imagine you are an IT Specialist at a medium-sized company. The Human Resources Department at your company wants you to find out how many people are in each department. You need to write a Python script that reads a CSV file containing a list of the employees in the organization, counts how many people are in each department, and then generates a report using this information. The output of this script will be a plain text file. We will guide you through each step of the lab.<br>
##tran_record.py We're working with a CSV file, which contains employee information. Each record has a name field, followed by a phone number field, and a role field. The phone number field contains U.S. phone numbers, and needs to be modified to the international format, with "+1-" in front of the phone number. Fill in the regular expression, using groups, to use the transform_record function to do that.<br>
##multi_vowel_words:#The multi_vowel_words function returns all words with 3 or more consecutive vowels (a, e, i, o, u). Fill in the regular expression to do that<br>
##find_error.py:#!/usr/bin/env python3 Write a script to search the log file using regex to find for the exact error.Report the error into a separate file so you know what's wrong for further analysis.<br>
##convert_phone_number.py:# The convert_phone_number function checks for a U.S. phone number format: XXX-XXX-XXXX (3 digits followed by a dash, 3 more digits followed by a dash, and 4 digits), and converts it to a more formal format that looks like this: (XXX) XXX-XXXX. Fill in the regular expression to complete this function.<br>
##checking_time.py:# The check_time function checks for the time format of a 12-hour clock, as follows: the hour is between 1 and 12, with no leading zero, followed by a colon, then minutes between 00 and 59, then an optional space, and then AM or PM, in upper or lower case. Fill in the regular expression to do that. How many of the concepts that you just learned can you use here?<br>
aaaaaaa