## emails.py:This script consists of two functions: populate_dictionary(filename) and find_email(argv). The function populate_dictionary(filename) reads the user_emails.csv file and populates a dictionary with name/value pairs. The other function, find_emails(argv), searches the dictionary created in the previous function for the user name passed to the function as a parameter. It then returns the associated email address. This script accepts employee's first name and last name as command-line arguments and outputs their email address.The script accepts arguments through the command line. These arguments are stored in a list named sys.argv. The first element of this list, i.e. argv[0], is always the name of the file being executed. So the parameters, i.e., first name and last name, are then stored in argv[1] and argv[2] respectively.Let's test the script now.Since you know the contents of the user_emails.csv file, choose any name to be passed as a parameter, or you can use the following name:<br>
## emails_test.py:Writing a test encourages you to think through the script's design and goals before writing the code. This keeps you focused and lets you create better designs. If you learn how to easily test your scripts, you'll be able to create code that's better defined and cohesive.In this lab, we will write tests and correct bugs within the existing script.In this section, we will write a basic test case and see how it works. A test case is an individual unit of testing that checks for a specific response to a particular set of inputs.Use the following command to create a new file (in scripts directory) to write our test cases:<br>
## Test Case 1: Missing parameters:
## Test Case 2: Random email address:

